h1. Googletastic

Making it more than easy to save everything on Google, so all your app has to do is say how to define pretty urls and formatting.

h2. Installing

<code>
sudo gem install googletastic
</code>

h3. Installing from Source

<pre><code>
git clone git@github.com:viatropos/googletastic.git
cd googletastic
rake install
</code></pre>

h2. Authentication

Google's API's have "two types of accounts"http://code.google.com/apis/accounts/docs/AuthForInstalledApps.html#Request:

# Regular (for individuals): "GOOGLE"
# Hosted (for Google Apps): "HOSTED" (or "HOSTED_OR_GOOGLE")

Google's APIs have "3 types of authentication":http://code.google.com/apis/accounts/index.html:

# "ClientLogin":http://code.google.com/apis/accounts/docs/AuthForInstalledApps.html: For single users
# "OpenAuth":http://code.google.com/apis/accounts/docs/OAuth.html: For "registering an app":http://code.google.com/apis/accounts/docs/RegistrationForWebAppsAuto.html to automatically login.  You need to "register your domain here":https://www.google.com/accounts/ManageDomains
# "AuthSub":http://code.google.com/apis/accounts/docs/AuthSub.html

You can permanently unlock the CAPTCHA for a computer by going "here":https://www.google.com/a/accd.org/UnlockCaptcha.

"Working with Authsub":http://code.google.com/apis/accounts/docs/AuthSub.html#WorkingAuthSub

If this is for Google Apps, you must go to Google Docs Settings in the Admin Panel, and make sure this is selected: "Users can share documents outside this domain, but will receive a warning each time".  The most restrictive, "Users cannot share documents outside this domain", won't allow you to view documents at all.  Also, don't select "Require mydomain.com sign-in to view this form." for google forms.

h2. Top 10 Things I Need the Google Data API to Have

"Submit Your Ideas to Google!!!":http://productideas.appspot.com/#15/e=220cb&t=2192a&f=22150
http://productideas.appspot.com/#15/e=220cb&t=cabc1


# Partial Responses for everything.
	So we can get only the data we need.  This way we can poll our google docs for any changes and run processes on them.
# Publish the docs as plain text.
# Textile and Markdown support
# Better font support in PDF documents
# Everything Should Be TAGGABLE